Update Line Chart Props (#943)
vtex/styleguide: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added

> - `hide` prop for allow hide a LineChart axis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hide` prop to allow hiding a LineChart axis
```

> - `type` prop for allow different interpolations of the LineChart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `type` prop to allow different interpolations of the LineChart
```

> - `tick` prop for allow a customized label on LineChart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tick` prop to allow a customized label on LineChart
```

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- `hide` prop to allow hiding a LineChart axis
- `type` prop to allow different interpolations of the LineChart
- `tick` prop to allow a customized label on LineChart

### Changed
- `axis` prop to `xAxis` and `yAxis` props on LineChart schema

> - default `container` prop to have a `width` and `length` dependent of the screen size

Reviewer 2: `width` and `length` or the second one should be `height`?

Author: Opss, you're right :dizzy_face:
